---

layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP Bug Logging Tool
tags: example-tag
level: 2
type: tool


---
# Introduction
OWASP BLT (Bug Logging Tool) is a powerful tool designed to allow everyone who uses the internet to help improve it. With BLT, users can submit any type of issue they encounter, whether it's a simple design flaw like a button being the wrong color, or a serious security vulnerability. By following responsible disclosure ethics, BLT helps to ensure that reported issues are addressed in a timely and appropriate manner.

One unique feature of BLT is that it rewards users for reporting bugs. As users report more issues, they earn more points, which can be verified for extra points. Additionally, companies and organizations can get involved with BLT and launch their own bughunt programs with prize pools. This not only incentivizes users to report bugs but also encourages companies to actively seek out and address vulnerabilities before they can be exploited.

Overall, OWASP BLT is an important tool for improving internet security and promoting responsible disclosure practices. By allowing anyone to report issues, rewarding users for their contributions, and providing a platform for companies to launch bughunt programs, BLT empowers individuals and organizations to work together towards a safer and more secure online environment.

# Contributors
The OWASP Bug Logging Tool Project is a community-driven initiative that relies on the contributions of volunteers from all over the world. These dedicated individuals generously donate their time and expertise to help improve the security of the internet for everyone.

We understand that without the invaluable contributions of our volunteers, the OWASP BLT Project would not be possible. Therefore, we would like to express our sincere gratitude to all the contributors and supporters who have helped make this project a success.

We are proud of the diverse and dedicated community that has grown around this project. We recognize that each contributor brings their unique perspective, skills, and experiences to the table, and we value each and every one of them.

At OWASP, we strive to foster a welcoming and inclusive environment where everyone can contribute and thrive. We believe that diversity is essential to the success of the OWASP BLT Project, and we are committed to providing a safe and supportive space for all our volunteers.

Once again, we would like to extend our heartfelt thanks to all the contributors and supporters of the OWASP Bug Logging Tool Project. Your efforts are truly appreciated, and we look forward to continuing our work together to make the internet a safer place for everyone.

https://github.com/OWASP/BLT/graphs/contributors.

# How it Works
OWASP BLT is a bug logging tool that allows users to report issues and get points, and companies are held accountable. Testers can win money through company-sponsored Bug Hunts, tips, or the Grand Prize/Jackpot. Organizations can keep their customers happy by giving them a consistent bug-free user experience.


## Web Roadmap

| Task | Timeline |
| ---- | -------- |
| Revamp the design of the BLT website, starting with adding the designs to the Figma file. | Q1 2023 |
| Work on the front end of the website. | Q1 2023 |
| Implement upvote and downvote feature for issues. | Q1 2023 |
| Add ability to tag a domain to see a list of OWASP project domains. | Q1 2023 |
| Fix the invalid link on the automated issue generated by BLT.| Q1 2023 |
| Address Reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) and HTTP ERROR 500 issues. | Q1 2023 |
| Address hidden issues.| Q2 2023 |
| Design a new backend for the company. | Q2 2023 |
| Set up pages in Tailwind. | Q2 2023 |
| Set up "add to project" in the Flutter repo. | Q2 2023 |
| Add ability to monitor a URL for changes or deletion of a keyword. | Q2 2023 |
| Implement a trademark search. | Q2 2023 |
| Match up websites with a trademark search.| Q3 2023 |
| Allow someone to check a website to see if the keyword is removed. | Q3 2023 |
| Allow someone to monitor a keyword and get alerts about it. | Q3 2023 |
| Implement rate limiting for posting issues and in general for the website/API.| Q3 2023 |
| Address Chinese language issues and fix Figma. | Q3 2023 |
| Label the purpose of all Pipfile dependencies and HTML files. | Q3 2023 |
| Convert designs to HTML and integrate them into the website.| Q3 2023 |
| Create a bug report email notification system for company followers. | Q3 2023 |


## App Roadmap

| Task | Timeline |
| ---- | -------- |
| Prepare and move the Flutter app to the OWASP/BLT-Flutter repo | Q1 2023 |
| Improve app navigation behavior and stack management | Q1 2023 |
| Implement "rotate not lock" feature for tablets and larger devices | Q1 2023 |
| Fix compile SDK version error when running "flutter run" command | Q1 2023 |
| Fix site button on Company Detail Page to open URL in external browser | Q1 2023 |
| Fix incorrect score on profile page | Q1 2023 |
| Implement custom function for copying images from clipboard | Q2 2023 |
| Add "check for duplicates" feature when reporting an issue | Q2 2023 |
| Fix onboarding screen loading issue | Q2 2023 |
| Show liked and flagged issues in user profile | Q2 2023 |
| Fix null value check error when clicking "Explore anonymously" on welcome page | Q2 2023 |
| Fix issue with posting issues | Q3 2023 |
| Add more information to issue list screen | Q3 2023 |
| Fix issue with push notification warning | Q3 2023 |
| Implement Company Dashboard | Q3 2023 |
| Implement Pricing Page | Q3 2023 |
| Implement Social Page | Q3 2023 |
| Integrate pricing/plans page | Q3 2023 |
| Implement receiving sharing intent | Q4 2023 |
| Design wireframes for the business side of the app | Q4 2023 |
| Add designs for dark theme and implement theme manager | Q4 2023 |
| Start app internationalization and localization (l10n) | Q4 2023 |
| Design and build the company side part of the app | Q4 2023 |
| Bring the app to MVP level for both Android & iOS | Q4 2023 |

# Development
[Build Status](https://github.com/OWASP/BLT/actions/workflows/django-test.yml/badge.svg)

## Contributing
This is a call for contributions to a project called BLT. The project has a list of issues that are tagged as "good first issue" to help new contributors get started. There are also guidelines for contributing to the project. If you find a bug or have an improvement, you can report it using BLT. To make sure your contribution is linked to the relevant issue, create a new branch with the button on the right of the issue to create a new branch. Additionally, if you want to take ownership of an issue, you can use the comment "assign to me" or /assign to assign it to yourself. Contributing to the project is appreciated and benefits both the project and the contributor. Contributions are always welcome and appreciated! To get started with contributing, please check out our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/OWASP/BLT/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md). We have a list of issues that are tagged with "good first issue" to help newcomers get started. You can also join our [OWASP Slack Channel](https://owasp.slack.com/) and ask questions in the #project-blt channel. Involvement in the development and promotion of OWASP BLT is actively encouraged! You do not have to be a security expert or a programmer to contribute. Some of the ways you can help are as follows:

Here is the recent news about the BLT project:

- **September 12, 2016:** BLT becomes an official OWASP project.
- **July 18, 2016:** The project was submitted to be an OWASP project.
- **May 9, 2016:** Logo created.
- **Dec 8, 2015:** A friend of OWASP suggested that the project become an OWASP project.
- **May 9, 2016:** Logo created.
- **Jan 12, 2012:** The idea was born to have a website to make a game out of bug finding and the first mockup was created.

In addition, BLT has participated in the Google Summer of Code program for the last 4 years:
- 2022
- 2021
- 2020
- 2019

Other news about the BLT project that we didn't include:
- BLT v1.0 was released on May 5, 2020, with significant enhancements and new features.
- In 2020, BLT was selected as one of the 12 projects for the OWASP Incubator Project Initiative. 
- The project has a vibrant community and continues to receive regular updates and contributions.


# FAQs

## How can I participate in your project?

All you have to do is make the Project Leader's aware of your available
time to contribute to the project. It is also important to let the
Leader's know how you would like to contribute and pitch in to help the
project meet it's goals and milestones. There are many different ways
you can contribute to an OWASP Project, but communication with the leads
is key.

## If I am not a programmer can I participate in your project?

Yes, you can certainly participate in the project if you are not a
programmer or technical. The project needs different skills and
expertise and different times during its development. Currently, we are
looking for researchers, writers, graphic designers, and a project
administrator. See the Road Map and Getting Involved tab for more
details.

# Acknowledgements

## Contributors

The OWASP Bug Logging Tool Project Template is developed by a worldwide
team of volunteers. A live update of project [contributors is found
here](https://github.com/OWASP/BLT/graphs/contributors).


# Road Map and Getting Involved

## Roadmap
  - The Current Roadmap is now here - https://github.com/OWASP/BLT/projects/6

## Getting Involved

Involvement in the development and promotion of OWASP BLT is actively encouraged! You do not have to be a
security expert or a programmer to contribute. Some of the ways you can
help are as follows:

### Coding

We could implement some of the later items on the roadmap sooner if
someone wanted to help out with unit or automated regression tests

### Localization

Are you fluent in another language? Can you help translate the text
strings in the OWASP BLT project into that language?

### Testing

Do you have a flair for finding bugs in software? We want to product a
high quality product, so any help with Quality Assurance would be
greatly appreciated. Let us know if you can offer your help.

### Feedback

Please join us on slack in the OWASP #project-blt channel for feedback

  - What do like?
  - What don't you like?
  - What features would you like to see prioritized on the roadmap?


# Project About

# Donate
[Donate to make the Bug Logging Tool Better](https://owasp.org/donate?reponame=www-project-bug-logging-tool&title=OWASP+Bug+logging+tool)


[Category:OWASP Project](Category:OWASP_Project "wikilink")
[Category:OWASP_Builders](Category:OWASP_Builders "wikilink")
[Category:OWASP_Defenders](Category:OWASP_Defenders "wikilink")
[Category:OWASP_Tool](Category:OWASP_Tool "wikilink")
